MAJOR change - changed the a11y  flag pattern (#184)
wix-incubator/ui-autotools: README.md

meta.reactStrictModeCompliant = false;
```

> Components are also assumed by default to be a11y compliant. If you want to override it (meaning your component is unAccessible) - set the nonA11yCompliant flag in the metadata to true, e.g:

Reviewer: Components are also assumed by default to be a11y compliant. If you want to override it (meaning your component is unAccessible) - set the nonA11yCompliant flag in the metadata to true, e.g:
```suggestion
Components are also assumed by default to be [axe-core](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core) compliant. If your component is not axe-core compliant, set the `nonA11yCompliant` flag in the metadata to true, e.g:
```

Author: Don't you Annie me
